README.md, before:

# VARpedia
The program VARpedia enables users to have a multimedia interface with Wikipedia. The user can make video creations that are made up of information pulled from Wikipedia and images from Flickr. The user then has the opportunity to play and delete existing creations. All of these actions can be achieved through interaction with a simple GUI.
## Getting Started
The project should be tested on the lab computers in UG4.
To get the program up and running with the source code, the user must make sure they have created a JavaFX Project. The jar files in the 'libs' folder must be imported as external jars to the project.
## Built With
* [SceneBuilder](https://gluonhq.com/products/scene-builder/) - To create the GUI
## References
Music "Love Story In Rain" by KhalafNasirs  
Available at ccMixter.org http://ccmixter.org/files/khalafnasirs/59534  
Under CC BY license http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

External jars in 'libs' folder sourced from Active Classroom Programmer, supplied by Nasser Giacaman.

Commit message:

Update README to reference icons.

README.md, after:

# VARpedia
The program VARpedia enables users to have a multimedia interface with Wikipedia. The user can make video creations that are made up of information pulled from Wikipedia and images from Flickr. The user then has the opportunity to play and delete existing creations. All of these actions can be achieved through interaction with a simple GUI.
## Getting Started
The project should be tested on the lab computers in UG4.
To get the program up and running with the source code, the user must make sure they have created a JavaFX Project. The jar files in the 'libs' folder must be imported as external jars to the project.
## Built With
* [SceneBuilder](https://gluonhq.com/products/scene-builder/) - To create the GUI
## References
Music "Love Story In Rain" by KhalafNasirs  
Available at ccMixter.org http://ccmixter.org/files/khalafnasirs/59534  
Under CC BY license http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

All icons made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com

External jars in 'libs' folder sourced from Active Classroom Programmer, supplied by Nasser Giacaman.
